High.
So let's try to enable default almost in our virtual lab.
Of course in the real environment we'll be the same.
So in this situation we want to enable the full response in our division is a whole that we want to
use in the full service so that we go to every E6 I hold that we want to use it into full service that's
mean we want.
This is because I use it to by the rules we go to country.
We've got to do the current.
And we need to add or create a VM manful default.
So of course if we have more network adapter available for the member physical adapter in this house
we have a physical adapter.
We use them all together into a difference of empowerment one for E6 I want one for is X I two and one
for the Wii and one for the management network.
Every VM can have two network adapter connect create four do.
Height and ability.
And for redundancy to avoid the losing and connection between the service and the different physical
adapter.
So we consume our physical either.
But if we have another two three physical adapter it is a high Kamandi to carry it on your VM Karim
like that.
We chose VM kernel we click New were connected to the switches are all the same.
Then we give it a name for example if the default is then we enable default.
In this one.
And of course we need to give it on IP and so on and so on then we need to connect it to a specific
physical adapter.
But as we dont have more physical adapter in this situation.
So if you have a physical adapter available it is identical wanted to create a new VM colonel and connect
atlast took physical adapter to do for me in general.
If not and you want to use one of those VM kernel for the full two roles it is a little common Do not
use do Flatirons we do or we do ice Kaze because rules will consume the network by transferring into
data between two different hosts and a different vision machine.
So we say that faulter an almost mirror or a virtual machine.
But I mean when you saved Ah once you go right over the data into virtual machine Rimoldi So the filterless
work as we have a primitive virtual machine and Ostergren the virtual machine double virtual machine
work as a mirror.
But one can't as pre-movie and the signal to one odds are secondary virtual machine.
So when you walk or connect to the virtual machine directly and make your work you work on the virtual
machine and if something happened to that primitive your machine default with robotics you directly
to do virtual machine secondary.
And in this situation when you save for example one gigabyte of the data in the primordial virtual machine
you consumed a network between you and the virtual machine.
Thats why we need at least 10 gigabytes of physical other to speed them the same time with the full
details it could be that one gigabyte from the primary but your machine and tried to series in the secondary
virtual machine.
So the traffic is very high between the virtual machine and br1 and the signal to the virtual machine
number one.
So for us if we chose to use the physical adapter connected with the VM kernel that we use it for the
new machine puts me in the same top physical adapter and the same cable will try to transfer it to that
out of the four.
But I mean the big data that we use in our virtual machine between duty and primitiveness your machine
also is the same physical adapter for the Wii motion like storage of emotion and do stand out of the
motion and thats a big data inside to physical network adapter so you will have a very slow network
and some problem will start to happen.
So for that it is always I want to not use the fault lines.
We do the motion thats in the same vein.
Kermit then the same for the cause.
I it is the network adapter connected between the host and do the stars.
So the data between the storage and DOS its very high its very big the size of the data is always big.
So the same if you use the full performance traffic with the ICRC traffic you will have a slow network
and some problems start to happen.
So for that it is always I wanted to create two separate Physica network adapter specially for the full
lines and more network adapter would be more good if in another case you don't have more physical network
adapter and try to use some of the available data available in this situation is do management network
because the management is what we do just only to connect between the user and do E6 I host.
So in this situation we have low that transfer between the central server or to a user or administrator
and do Isak's I use the VM Governors-General for the management so forth that will when to add the folder
and also inside the VM canel zero.
So if you have two physical adapter you can create one like that then next and next then you chose the
full story and give it a name the next Its a drug.
In another situation you dont have any available network adapter.
You can simply click on the VM kernel 0 Hovda management network.
So we have low traffic on this.
The Inkerman we click he did and we simply enable do fault lines.
Logging inside this one.
So we have a situation a new one or an existing VM coming up.
So we simply check this one and we click OK to enable do fault inside this once you see her enable its
service full it on.
And management.
The other one have all the emotion and the one use it for the cause.
So there are not service in this one.
So the management have to fall to the last logging.
So the same tank will going to do it in the difference is 6.
I hope that we won't use it for the fault.
So we got to do it because I am too then we got to do management enable if we check this one right here
you see only have service enabled it is management.
So we try to add a fourth.
OK.
So the configuration like that.
So we have filtering all again then the same for E6 I hosts and so on and so on into other defaulters
what difference is that you want to use.
So for example if we enable the romance in E6 I want a D6 I talk when we try to enable default performance
in a virtual machine that exist into asix I would do different option to chose is x I hope that you
want to use for the four rows.
It would be only E6 I too because that is a treat not enable it for the photo ops so it would not be
available in the list of different fault or enhanced option.
So after configuring three is I host or four or maybe 10 or out is what you want is what are for drones.
Next we'll try to enable the faulter wants a delivery of virtual machine.
See the next video.